HTML Attributes


Global attributes:
Global attributes are attributes common to all HTML elements; they can be used on all elements, though they may have no effect on some elements.

accesskey:
The accesskey global attribute provides a hint for generating a keyboard shortcut for the current element. The attribute value must consist of a single printable character (which includes accented and other characters that can be generated by the keyboard).

autocapitalize:
The autocapitalizeglobal attribute is an enumerated attribute that controls whether and how text input is automatically capitalized as it is entered/edited by the user. The attribute must take one of the following values:

off or none: No autocapitalization is applied (all letters default to lowercase)
on or sentences: The first letter of each sentence defaults to a capital letter; all other letters default to lowercase
words: The first letter of each word defaults to a capital letter; all other letters default to lowercase
characters: All letters should default to uppercase
class:
The class global attribute is a space-separated list of the classes of the element. Classes allow CSS and Javascript to select and access specific elements via the class selectors or functions like the DOM method document.getElementsByClassName.

data-*:
The data-* global attributes form a class of attributes called custom data attributes, that allow proprietary information to be exchanged between the HTML and its DOM representation by scripts.

dir:
The dir global attribute is an enumerated attribute indicates the directionality of the element’s text.

draggable:
The draggable global attribute is an enumerated attribute that indicates whether the element can be dragged, either with native browser behavior or the

draggable can have the following values:

true: the element can be dragged.
false: the element cannot be dragged.
hidden:
The hidden global attribute is a Boolean attribute indicating that the element is not yet, or is no longer, relevant. For example, it can be used to hide elements of the page that can’t be used until the login process has been completed. Browsers won’t render elements with the hidden attribute set.

id:
The id global attribute defines an identifier (ID) which must be unique in the whole document. Its purpose is to identify the element when linking (using a fragment identifier), scripting, or styling (with CSS).

lang:
The lang global attribute helps define the language of an element: the language that non-editable elements are written in, or the language that the editable elements should be written in by the user. The attribute contains a single “language tag” in the format defined in Tags for Identifying Languages (BCP47).

slot:
The slot global attribute assigns a slot in a shadow DOM shadow tree to an element: An element with a slot attribute is assigned to the slot created by the <slot> element whose name attribute’s value matches that slot attribute’s value.

spellcheck:
The spellcheck global attribute is an enumerated attribute defines whether the element may be checked for spelling errors.

style:
The style global attribute contains CSS styling declarations to be applied to the element. Note that it is recommended for styles to be defined in a separate file or files. This attribute and the <style> element have mainly the purpose of allowing for quick styling, for example for testing purposes.

title:
The title global attribute contains text representing advisory information related to the element it belongs to.