Global Attributes:-
accesskey	Specifies a shortcut key to activate/focus an element
class	Specifies one or more classnames for an element (refers to a class in a style sheet)
contenteditable	Specifies whether the content of an element is editable or not
data-*	Used to store custom data private to the page or application
dir	Specifies the text direction for the content in an element
The <dir> (short for directory) tag specifies a directory list. It was designed to be used for creating multicolumn directory lists.


draggable:-
Specifies whether an element is draggable or not


dropzone:-
Specifies whether the dragged data is copied, moved, or linked, when dropped



hidden	Specifies that an element is not yet, or is no longer, relevant
id	Specifies a unique id for an element

lang	Specifies the language of the element's content

spellcheck	Specifies whether the element is to have its spelling and grammar checked or not
style	Specifies an inline CSS style for an element
tabindex	Specifies the tabbing order of an element
title	Specifies extra information about an element
translate	Specifies whether the content of an element should be translated or not


accept-charset:-
The accept-charset attribute specifies the character encodings that are to be used for the form submission.

alt:-
The required alt attribute specifies an alternate text for an image, if the image cannot be displayed.

async:-
The async attribute is a boolean attribute.
When present, it specifies that the script will be executed asynchronously as soon as it is available.The async attribute is only for external scripts.


autocomplete:-
The autocomplete attribute specifies whether or not an input field should have autocomplete enabled.
Autocomplete allows the browser to predict the value. When a user starts to type in a field, the browser should display options to fill in the field, based on earlier typed values.
Note: The autocomplete attribute works with the following <input> types: text, search, url, tel, email, password, datepickers, range, and color.


colspan:-
The colspan attribute defines the number of columns a cell should span.

datetime:-
The <input type="datetime-local"> defines a date picker.
The resulting value includes the year, month, day, and time.


disabled:-
A disabled input element is unusable and un-clickable.
The disabled attribute can be set to keep a user from using the <input> element until some other condition has been met (like selecting a checkbox, etc.). 
Then, a JavaScript could remove the disabled value, and make the <input> element usable.


formaction:-
The formaction attribute specifies where to send the form-data when a form is submitted. This attribute overrides the form's action attribute.






